Add Forward to SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE (#1220)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

  Track Namespace Prefix consisting of 0 or greater than than 32 Track Namespace
  Fields, it MUST close the session with a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION`.

 
* Forward: The Forward value that new subscriptions resulting from this
  SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE will have. If 0, the subscriber will be notified of all
  available tracks in the namespace, but not receive Objects unless it changes

>   Forward to 1 in PUBLISH_OK.

Author: ```suggestion
  Forward to 1 in PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE.
```

>   available tracks in the namespace, but not receive Objects unless it changes
>   Forward to 1 in PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  available tracks in the namespace via PUBLISH messages with Forward set to
  0. The subscriber can elect to receive Objects by setting Forward to 1 in
  PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE.
```

> * Forward: The Forward value that new subscriptions resulting from this
>   SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE will have. If 0, the subscriber will be notified of all
>   available tracks in the namespace, but not receive Objects unless it changes
>   Forward to 1 in PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Forward: The Forward value determines the behavior of new subscriptions created under this SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE. If set to 0, the subscriber will be notified of all available tracks in the 
namespace through PUBLISH messages with Forward set to 0. The subscriber can then choose to 
receive objects by setting Forward to 1 in a PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE message.
If set to 1, PUBLISH messages (with Forward set to 1) and the corresponding objects are forwarded 
as they are received, until the subscriber responds with Forward set to 0 in a PUBLISH_OK or 
SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE message.
```

Author: This suggestion looks fine as well I think?  I accepted Alan's before seeing this, but I don't think I have a strong opinion.

Reviewer 2: Yeah . I wanted to clarify that if a subscriber chooses to forward=1 in subscribe namespace, it can expect to  receive publish_ok and objects associated with tracks without awaiting a round trip of publish_ok. I am totally fine if you feel comfortable that the accpeted text captures the intent.

  Track Namespace Prefix consisting of 0 or greater than than 32 Track Namespace
  Fields, it MUST close the session with a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION`.

> * Forward: The Forward value that new subscriptions resulting from this
>   SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE will have. If 0, the subscriber will be notified of all
>   available tracks in the namespace via PUBLISH messages with Forward set to
>   0. The subscriber can elect to receive Objects by setting Forward to 1 in
>   PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Forward: The Forward value determines the behavior of new subscriptions created under this SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE. If set to 0, the subscriber will be notified of all available tracks in the namespace through PUBLISH messages with Forward set to 0. The subscriber can then opt to receive objects by setting Forward to 1 in a PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE message. If set to 1, PUBLISH messages (with Forward set to 1) and the corresponding objects are forwarded as they are received and the subscriber may choose to respond with Forward set to 0 in a PUBLISH_OK or SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE message, if necessary.
```

adding it here, if we still want to consider and makes it easy to commit, if needed
